As expected of 10,000 years of forestry
This is the eighth-grade grandmaster.
Every move can feel the journey of the world
Bapin
You actually broke through
What? I read that right.
Another eighth grade came out.
Hey, when did these eight pints become Chinese cabbage?
It's so scary
It's so scary.
He actually broke through the eighth grade
How is that possible?
That doesn't make sense.
It was a breakthrough
This Ye Wuji actually rose to the eighth grade
It seems that the distance between me and him
It's really getting bigger.
You are so nice late at night
He was able to break through the realm of eight bottles
What a genius's cultivation talent, hahaha.
This kid is really strong, my blue door
By the way, Tianxiao Lao'er
I remember that Yan Wuji is one year younger than Lin Xiyue
Huh, what are you so proud of?
It's not decided yet.
Xiyue is also an eighth-grade master
And he has also cultivated the Heaven Rank Secret Technique Eternal Lingxiao Sword
The cultivation base is the same, so what?
Wuji will never win
This Eternal High Heaven Sword is said to be an ancient secret technique
The enemy is Deng Xian
Wuji, you have to be careful